The Last Stand/l4d_sweep_fist_patch/README.md, before:

# Sweep Fist Patch
https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=332046

### Intruduction
- Patch memory bytes to allow multi-punch for tank in Coop Mode

<hr>

### Requirement
- [Source Scramble](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=317175)

<hr>

### Installation
1. Put the **l4d_sweep_fist_patch.smx** to your _plugins_ folder.
2. Put the **l4d_sweep_fist_patch.txt** to your _gamedata_ folder.

<hr>

### Special Thanks
- **Crasher_3637**: for providing everything.
- **HarryPotter**: for original idea.
- **Dragokas**: for L4D1 testing and gamedata update.

<hr>

### Changelog
(v1.5a 2021/8/16 UTC+8) Updated L4D2 Linux offsets.

(v1.5 2021/4/29 7PM UTC+8)
- Added L4D1 Linux support.
- Fixes for incorrect usage of `IsAllowedGamemode()`.

(v1.4 2021/4/26) Added a hook on game mode change to prevent issues.

(v1.3 2021/4/24 9PM UTC+8) Redirected the way message gets printed, no longer spamming in console.

(v1.2 2021/4/24 4PM UTC+8) Fixed server starting on Survival Mode.

(V1.1 2021/4/24 1PM UTC+8) Fixed IsTank check for L4D1 and some optimization.

Commit message:

Minor change to detect map running

The Last Stand/l4d_sweep_fist_patch/README.md, after:

# Sweep Fist Patch
https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=332046

### Intruduction
- Patch memory bytes to allow multi-punch for tank in Coop Mode
- Currently tested on L4D2 Linux only.

<hr>

### Requirement
- [Source Scramble](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=317175)

<hr>

### Installation
1. Put the **l4d_sweep_fist_patch.smx** to your _plugins_ folder.
2. Put the **l4d_sweep_fist_patch.txt** to your _gamedata_ folder.

<hr>

### Special Thanks
- **Crasher_3637**: for providing everything.
- **HarryPotter**: for original idea.
- **Dragokas**: for L4D1 testing and gamedata update.

<hr>

### Changelog
(v2.1a 2021/8/16 UTC+8) Minor change to detect map running.

(v2.1 2021/8/16 UTC+8) Support for both L4D on both platforms.

(v2.0 2021/8/16 UTC+8) Now should work on cases where tank punches onto incapacitated survivors.

(v1.5a 2021/8/16 UTC+8) Updated L4D2 Linux offsets.

(v1.5 2021/4/29 7PM UTC+8)
- Added L4D1 Linux support.
- Fixes for incorrect usage of `IsAllowedGamemode()`.

(v1.4 2021/4/26) Added a hook on game mode change to prevent issues.

(v1.3 2021/4/24 9PM UTC+8) Redirected the way message gets printed, no longer spamming in console.

(v1.2 2021/4/24 4PM UTC+8) Fixed server starting on Survival Mode.

(V1.1 2021/4/24 1PM UTC+8) Fixed IsTank check for L4D1 and some optimization.
